"Unable to get any help in the deli department even though I was the only person waiting for help. Your employees seemed more interested in training new employees then to actually help a customer. I had my 11 month old son with me in the car and after two minutes of standing there without any help, I can only guess it was your manager goes and helps an elderly lady that had walked up after I did.."
"I answered this with my earlier explanation, but it is always like this with something at Lucky's. Especially prices not being posted, nutritional information not posted [makes no sense for a company claiming to be so health-centric]."
i went in the early am to avoid lines and still had to wait over 10 min to check out bc only two lines were open
TEST ADRIANA
Produce bags are not strong enough and really hard to open. Need better quality. Had number of items go through bag. Get more  flowers!
Was mislead on meat sale
"Long lines at checkout,especially during lunch when I am on a time crunch."
Cashier noticed that the meat items were leaking  but didn't quickly grab plastic to place the items in. Since I brought my own bag I guess I'm responsible for bagging my own items. That part is not clear.  And I don't mind bagging my own stuff  but it seemed that the cashier could only concentrate on ringing the prices
boneless skinless chicken breast
Meat
My pastry was not in my bag when I got home.  So I drove back to get it and the cashier didn't even apologize for failing to bag it.  He acted like he did me a favor by holding on to it.
"It seems that more and more prepared foods are being spiced. I have styopped shopping at Lucky's as much since I have encountered spicy foods that aren't marked as such. When I first moved to Bloomington I loked forward to buyinmg dinner in the prepared foods, but have stopped."
"you don't sell organic string cheese, for kids lunchboxes"
Pizza was over cooked and looked greasy. I love the pesto pizza but last few times has been inconsistent based
Some of the cashiers weigh the dressing with the salad bar and others do not.  I would just like it to be consistant every time I go.  If you could coach all the cashiers to be consistent on that
"I think a garbage can in the produce section would be a good idea.  I picked some produce and some of the leaves/stems came off and I picked them up off the floor but had to walk around to the cashier in order to throw them away.  I think if more trash containers were visible, some people wouldn't feel the urge to drop on your floor.  I don't do it, and I don't like it, so that is why I carried my garbage to the cashier."
Wine was overpriced on the shelf. I would have bought more for the actual price it was
Out of romaine lettuce in salad bar
i had no problems
"Each time I've been to Lucky's everything is fine until I get to checkout. It's too slow. The cashier is always friendly, but very very very slow. The whole process takes way too long, and much longer than at the Publix or Earth Faire."
See previous written statement in this survey
Wait in the pizza section during rush after work hours.
My daughter received a small burn from the hot soup. I believe it was due to the ladle size being too large for the small soup cup. She was being very careful but the large amount of soup in the ladle overcame the size of the cup and poured out over her hand. Please study this issue for possible correction.
"Aisles are too narrow, roadblocks common, can't pass other shoppers."
"Too hard to navigate, aisle narrow"
"Nobody knew how ""all natural"" chicken was raised"
"Cashier was very slow and both he and the bagger weren't focused at all on their job at hand, first time I've had a bad experience during checkout - very frustrating bc it was almost like they were trying to take their time instead of just moving at a normal and steady ""work-like"" pace"
Some of the vegetables and fruit looked very old and tiny.
Some sale items were not to be found - even though prominently listed in the sale flyer.
Can never find the shrimp from the sale flyer
Many sale items out of stock
Pistachios bulk
frequently run out of produce bags in the produce section
cherry tomatoes priced wrong
Elk parties scanned incorrectly.  Cashier had to check price
none
A scoop for one of the serve yourself bins was on the ground and a store associate picked it up and put it back. It obviously needed to be washed first.
Lucky's has stopped circulating the weekly ad.  This is a BIG problem for me in deciding what to buy.
"One of the tofus we picked up was leaking and we had to go get another one, and organic tofu was out of stock"
"I get the Kale and Brussel sprout slaw at least once a week.  Today, I get back to work and the kale is brown and the almonds are old. It was nasty."
"I ordered a #1 sandwich (turkey, bacon, etc) and when I got home I discovered that the turkey had been left off the sandwich!"
I wanted to see ignorant you guys sold any edamame seeds like you have at the salad bar. I walked through the whole store and couldn't find anyone on the floor to help me. I'll just ask a member next time I come
poor quality of fish on two occasions
NO pens to make prod. #s on bags!!!!!
"clementines were on sale for a good price, but each bag had at least one rotten clementine"
"TC store should be 50,000 sqft to alleviate severe aisle and check-out area congestion."
"Isles were dificult to navigate...narrow for regular carts, let alone power chairs for handicapped.  Also, obsticals of sale or featured items."
"After asking one associate for help finding a product, he walked away dismissively. I later politely asked him again, as I could not find other associates. He then pointed to someone and said ""she can help you"". I had waited quite a while for his reply as I thought he was looking for the product I requested. Then the other Lucky's associate went to look and it took almost 10 minutes although she was friendly."
None
"i bought apples that were on sale for .99/lb, however, 2 much more expensive apples were included in my bag. they must have gotten mixed in with the Ambrosia apples costing me more than $6 for the 4 apples I purchased.  I plan to return them for a refund."
Produce often not fresh
Getting through aisles with close quarters loud music
No price tag
"very few 'no added sugar' dressings, condiments, Whole 30 compliant items would be GREAT."
breakfast sausage out of stock
produce item priced twice as much
long lines
The entrance doors are misplaced.  When shopping the produce area part of the department is being blasted by cold air.  Makes the customer want to hurry through just to get out of the wind.  This is also true of the doors at checkout.
isles are too cramped to have displays set up in the aslies you cant get around
I went to the produce department to get a large fruit tray but there were none in the case. I asked an employee to check the back if there was any not put out. He brought me one but it seemed to be missing some fruit since each compartment wasn't filled to the lid but I took it anyway since I needed it for a work gathering this morning. Not sure I will be back to buy another fruit tray next time.
everything is good to me there was no problem
"everytime I have shopped at this Lucky's, one or more items rang up reg price rather than the sale price stated on the shelf ticket"
You CANNOT move in this store while shopping! Playing bumper carts with other shoppers! Check-out is a NIGHTMARE! Too much stacked in the aisles & end-caps. You need a much bigger store!!!
"Cashier accidentally keyed in the wrong type of apple, which I only caught because the bill was 3X higher than I expected. He was apologetic and fixed the issue, so I'm not upset."
expired products!
"I'm usually not one to complain and it takes a lot for me to be writing this because I work in customer service and I know how exhausting it can be. With that being said, I'm extremely disappointed by this store's one cashier that makes me not want to come back here again. When I walked up to her register, she immediately gave me a dirty look and didn't bother to greet me. It's 10:28pm and the store doesn't close until 11:00pm and no it was not horrendously busy either, but she was in such a hurry to get me out she scanned my two items, almost broke them putting them in a bag, I pay, and then when my receipt prints out she angrily threw it in my bag, said ""here"" to me not even smiling, and then grabbed an item she had behind her register and stormed off. This girl, Malorie, should find another job if she doesn't know how to be polite. This was my third occasion running into her and each time less pleasant than the last. I couldn't even ask her for a rain check on a frozen pizza you guys had run out of. I know people have bad days but three different times she's checked me out she had the same sour attitude. I don't appreciate it, I want to be able buy my groceries without the extra rudeness from someone who is literally paid to be accommodating to me. I didn't complain other times to give her benefit of the doubt but now I'm over it and someone should really tell her she needs to lighten up because you just lost one customer now because of this and yes I will be letting people I know about this so they don't accidentally have to deal with it."
"again, the dark chocolate pecan carmel candy; not in stock often"
Coconut Milk Beverage made me sick.
most of the items I wanted to purchase rang up incorrectly.  Prices of most produce had to be verified.  No assistance was available so cashier had to keep running back to the produce department.  Transaction took nearly 15 frustrating minutes!
Salad greens not always fully stocked
"Deli in-house smoked ham is very dry, So now I have to try a slice before purchasing"
Had to bag my own food while bagger was standing there
"""too helpful"" staff person spilled Senior's groceries all over the floor, breaking a bottle of vinegar, glass and vinegar all over, then simply disappeared...checker did not seem to know what to do"
"prices did not ring up as advertised, cashier fixed"
"Items on sale did not ring up correctly at checkout, some produce items rotten/unappealing"
I couldn't find anyone in produce to help me
I wanted strawberries but none of them looked good
Cashier was rude and urged another customer to cut in front of me when I only had one item and gave me a dirty look
"Check out was slow, but  next cashier step up and help to speed up the checkout,"
"Peanut butter was out of stock - but was offered a rain check. I declined but said I may stop back. Not a big deal. The layout is a little difficult to navigate - especially when its busy. It can be very overwhelming and honestly, I walked in the other day and walked right back out. Today's trip was a ""do-over""."
The gentleman stocking the produce told me he was out of cilantro. He didnt stop what he was doing to help me find it. The store had plenty of fresh cilantro in stock. He needed to stop and make an effort. He was friendly though.
"Handles on bag broke but an associate in the store noticed and immediately helped with picking up , exchanging the items dropped and carried my things to the car for me.  Did not expect that and was elated to have his s help."
Bottle necked aisles
asked in produce if there was an olive bar in the store.  Worker didn't know but sent me in the right direction and I was able to locate it.
Several rotten tangerines
The bulk area was having problems with their stickers to put on the bags and one of the team members was complaining that the customers were ripping it incorrectly and I suggested that they write rip up and put it next to where you tear it and he stated that he already had assigned and people should be able to read that and I said they need to move the side you can't see it and he said I am they and I put that there and I just politely told him that it would be easier if they just put a little sign tear up with an arrow next to where the sticker comes out of the machine. he also said it takes a lot of time to fix the machine well he should have fixed the machine.his priorities should have been restocking the bags and fixing the sticker machine instead of complaining about it
Bouncer-type watching me as I shop.
Cashier had her arm in a splint causing her to be pretty slow.
The printer/scales in the bulk aisles kept malfunctioning
restroom too far away; out of towels and t.p.
"I couldn't find 0.98 hot house cucumbers and couldn't find someone to ask. Finally I found an employee to aks and he tried to help me, but he couldn't find the cucumbers either. I had to get a raincheck."
Unable to find item
"The clerk at checkout was talking super fast (I'm a 30 something customer, not 80 something), but I felt rushed and that he was impatient with me. Not unfriendly or mean, just pushy and impatient."
"usually chickpea flour is in the bulk aisle, but it was not available there, i bought it in the prepacked flours aisle. pricing for that on bulk is better so that would have been my preference."
missing price tag for flowers
Read previous answer.
"a few staples were out of stock, but not a big deal"
There was no more soup
"Out of croissants, no plain martini olives, no Jalapeno flavored Tabasco sauce"
Deli counter and checkout lines were very slow moving.
Emily was unfriendly and just sent us to manager when we questioned a price.
Basil in quantity larger than .75 oz not in stock
Little bags to put seasonings were gone
"huge line, only 3 registers operating,"
Missing  items on sub ordered
"No more big size  ""so delicious"" yogurt I bought one every week now I'm trying out almande brand but so delicious is better"
an item we usually buy was no longer available (pretzel hamburger buns)
Stockers were clogging the aisles
Parking lot unorganized
"Stonyfield quarts of strawberry yogurt, Alexia garlic bread"
bagger placed a hot rotisserie chicken in the same bag as cold salsa and produce
Sale produce organic russet potatoes not in stock
Way too crowded but expected due to its grand opening
100% ignored at checkout by cashier and bagger. They were too busy talking their friends and each other to say anything to me.
Already did. My yoghurt & granola were still out of stock.
debit card machine not working
"Wanted to ask questions about protein shakes and sample the shake in the beverage dispenser, but no one was there and there were no cups"
no problem
Very disorganized at the deli. People just walk in front of you and get served first.
cashier make a rude comment about my appearance
"Deli counter worker put wrong price on item, $3 more then it should have been, another worker had to take over and help me."
Cherry-vanilla yogurt out of stock
We had vintage beer on tap last week and loved but it was gone this week
Dropped bag on the way out. Cashier was unfriendly. Didn't try to help
Called ahead to check ion slae item in stock.  Was told yes. It was not.  Manager compensated appropriately.
RenewLife Ultimate Flora:out of stock:3rd time trying to purchase and it was out of stock,RenewLife Ultimate Flora:out of stock:3rd time trying to purchase and it was out of stock
"I went on a Saturday afternoon. I had to go at this time, but it was too crowded."
the incorrect price sticker was on an item
pita bread
"The meat counter and deli would function better with a ""take a number"" system. Many people waiting and not enough staff. I saw people leave because of the chaos."
"Pros: Wide variety of products,fun store, good/competitive prices,deli/hot food looked good(did not try).Cons: Will not go again on a Saturday, too busy, aisles jammed, got stuck and had to turn around many times because of customers but also many shelves being stocked - why do that at noon on a Saturday?! Bad for business. Not enough vegetarian/vegan options in deli, although in fairness it was too crowded for me to get a good look. So I wanted a grab and go item - only 1 vegetarian option available.Not enough organic produce choices. Left frustrated -This was my first visit, I will go again on a less busy day."
There are no some products such as baby foods
"Many Out of stock, no baby foods"
$2 off meat sticker wasn't honored at checkout. Had to go back in after we left for an adjustment.
"I got home & the fish & chicken wasn't in the bags.  I My wife joked, ""Here's the  survey address!""  Went back & cashier was expecting me"
Gardein Meatloaf
Bakery clerk was very unclear with her response to a question and she argued with us when we questioned her response
Baking Potatoes completely out of stock
had bread sliced and put in bag.  bakery person handled the bread with her bare hands
"Abother cashier came over to bag my stuff.  A customer got in his line so he hurried up and put everything in my bag.  It felt heavy.  When I got to the car, the bottom of the bag burst open.  Thankfully, everything landed on my back seat.  I did have to make three trips into the house to hand carry everything."
"The store just opened and is EXTREMELY crowded at all times. I've visited four times in the last two weeks, and it is hard to even move around inside the store. I am hoping that it dies down over time or that I can figure out slower times to shop. Also, I purchased some green leaf lettuce, and it was wilted. I tried to select the least wilted of the available lettuce."
Wallaby Kefir
"Myself and another customer at the MEAT counter experienced a delay in receiving help. When 2 team members finally came out, BOTH went immediately to the other customer (a white male), without asking who was next in line, when actually I was there before the man. When one of the team members finally turned to wait on me, he seemed unsure about doing so. As a person of color, this was an example of white privilege, where the workers automatic preference was to take care of the white male first. The appropriate thing to do would have been to ASK who was there first. Disappointing!"
No stock of red grapefruit juice which I love
Chixken Thigh's
I had to ask the cashier for the wooden coins for my bags.
"A gentleman at the meat counter who helped me with my purchase of bacon was not friendly or connecting.  Another employee,Anna, answered a question I asked--and she was behind me stocking pre-cut meats."
Out of Kale and Brussels Slaw. Waited in line for a long time at checkout
The chip reader went down for the person in front of us.  The person attempted to get it to reset and finally the woman asked if maybe the cashier should call the manager.  She said the manage was at the next aisle but the manager was not doing anything or coming over to try anything.  I understand problems occur but someone should at least act like they are trying to resolve it.  I like Luckys and will continue to shop there but this should nver have been handled the way it was.
Kalona Whole Milk is often out of stock
Chicken had gone bad. Returned for a full refund.
"Cashier placed all of my items in one bag,then told me it was too heavy to use the handles. So I ask if the why have handles?  I was  very unhappy with this."
"Again, items out of stock."
"The deli department is way understaffed for making subs, pizzas, etc.  It took about 25 minutes with no real line"
Bakery tends to not have everything at all times.
"Check out is always slow and the cashiers are very apathetic, slow at bagging, and generally not friendly."
Out of stock of certain items
Na
Aleve was way too pricey.
"No numbering system at deli-who had been helped yet, who was next. Check out at beer counter was awkward because they were doing a cash exchange/bank request, but they didn't acknowledge that I was standing there wIting to pay. They should mark my ""to-go"" hard cider 1/2 gallon with the flavor/type AND that it was paid for. I had to clarify at check out."
Cashier was busy chatting with customer in front of me about soccer and slow at checking her out; she hardly acknowledged me when I went through the line.
"wanted 4 peppercorn steaks, only one in stock. I took the one which had price of 7.99/lb. and 3 top sirloin at 9.99/lb.  He wrapped all 4 steaks together and charged me 9.99/lb for all 4.  I had company coming for dinner and did not have time to take it back to the meat dept. to correct, so I paid 9.99/lb for the peppercorn steak.  The clerk was very apologetic and offered assistance but my timeline was too tight.  Get it right the first time and don't waste my time and the register clerk's time."
"Got salad at salad bar register claimed it weighed 1.71lb, I weighed it at home on my digital scale and it weighed only 1.1lb."
The computer system for the nuts & berry system that you bag & label yourself malfunctioned.
The conveyor at the checkout was broken. The associate did as much as he could to compensate for it and moved to a new register after I was checked out.
"Items not in stock, truck was late, did not show up in time for sale."
of the meat. Looks old a lot.
on tap kombucha had not arrived
"Lady at the beer/coffee area wasn't particularly freindly, and she never smiles.  It's like I'm inconveniencing her."
"Lines always sooooo long, not enough cashiers working ever. I go to the store 4-5 times per week"
Extremely long wait time while ordering sandwiches/pizza
brussel sprouts had live worms in them when i got home
checkout lines too long
wanted to order deli items but no one would help me
very difficult to navigate store due to space constraints
10% off produce on Sundays was not applied
Store is very hard to move through the asiles. Store is very crowded with unnessisary displays making it worse.
"High prices, bag charge, unknown taxes added at bottom of receipt."
2 produce items rang up incorrectly
"There was no fresh ground meat ready, but I was there early on a Monday morning"
"Ordered a pizza; but when we went to pick it up, they had just started making it."
Deli made sandwich contained old lettuce
"I have been there twice, and both times purchase salads from the salad bar? Both times the bagger put the salad in sideways so that all the salad ran together into the corner of the container?"
Rude people with children making a mess on the patio and walking away from it.
"Hard to manuever the store, tight space"
Milk carton was bloated and nearly out of date
Hummus on sale 2/$3.00 but got charged $2.79
none
"I ordered a sandwich from the deli, the turkey, bacon, avocado sandwich. When I got home to eat, there was no avocado on the sandwich. :("
crackers I wanted to purchase and hummus not in stock
Cilantro
"No one at the cafe counter, meat counter confusing on who's next to place the order. Meat counter help hot freindly."
Cashier and manager took a very long time to figure out the price of an item
The milk chocolate but he cashier was expired. It expired in February.
"The salad bar was not fully stocked when I visited. A lady was bringing out some fresh-cut cucumbers. But other items were missing. She did, however, ask if I minded waiting and she would cut up some fresh Bell Peppers. I work in EMS and couldn't wait."
Prices in lactose free milk and coffe cream are priced
"I have already written your company a letter and got no response. I don't think that Lucky's Market cares at all about customer service. Your team members are NOT friendly, and even the managers don't bother to speak. I plan to remove my positive Yelp review, Lucky's doesn't deserve it."
"Coleslaw and ground beef were close to expired,"
"Cilantro was out of stock in bunch, fresh size.  Basil was a great value but had mold in package.  Had trouble getting help for a while"
No oroblem
unclear pricing labels below produce or missing pricing labels.  Would not have chosen the item had the pricing been clear.
"blackberries, Santa Cruz lemon juice"
"I asked one clerk for lids to bulk almond butter, and instead of excusing himself, he walked away immediately. I had no idea if this meant he was going to get a lid for me, or if he was upset that there were no lids, upset with me, who knows. So I decided to follow him in the direction he was going. He went behind the meat department (only reason I visited the meat department this visit), then a few minutes later he returned with a sleeve of lids. I thought it was a bit rude the way he just walked away and expected me to know what he was doing. It was like I had inconvenienced him."
Very crowded and narrow aisles.
"I guess the idea behind bringing your own bag and getting a wooden tolken to donate to a charity is to reduce waste, recycle, and generously give the money that you would have spent on a bag to a charity. Well done! Thank you! Now I am guessing that it is NOT really to get people to bring bags but to NOT USE a new bag of yours that will end up as waste. So when I go in to Lucky's to buy 1 to 3 items I leave my bag in the car and when I check out I DO NOT take a new bag but I am refused a donation to charity because I DID NOT BRING MY OWN BAG. I would have brought my own bag and still not used it. So what's the mission of the Bring Your Own Bag program? Maybe it is exactly the way you want it."
Chocolate syrup
"Every time I visit there are items ringing up overpriced and I don't end up noticing until I return home and review the receipt, to which I cannot make it back to the store to reconcile for a few days."
"Sopping wet produce, confusing signage"
"The customer before me paid and left, forgetting to take her groceries. The cashier seemed clueless and helpless about what to do. She didn't really make an effort to find the customer before they left in their car. Also, on previous trips I have had some very slow/slightly annoying cashiers. Usually the cashiers are efficient and nice though."
no help at the deli counter for prepared food.
"Organic blueberries priced at 3.99 per package, was charged 4.99 per pkg for 3 packages. Cashier was so grouchy and unhelpful that we just left as quick as possible and then noticed the mis-charge on my card!"
the bulk gummies were out of stock
no fresh carrot juice
you don't seem to have unsweetened soy milk (not low fat)
"person at sandwich counter unatenntive to customers,"
"No chuck roast on the shelves, no pizza dough either. Had to find someone (in some cases several people), but eventually did get both items."
"There were lots of empty stock boxes laying around, especially near the bulk items.  I also had difficulty locating bulk bags and pens to mark my selection."
"I would say 4 out of 5 visits to Lucky's I have to ask for correct prices at the cashier. Even employees say that it happens more than it should. Also, I am only able to go shopping after 6 pm, and the sale items are usually never stocked."
"Only two cashiers were available, without grocery baggers, and the wait time was extensive. This is a hit or miss issue in the evenings."
priced wrong
team members unable to locate red wine vinegar. Unsure if the product was even spmething that the store carried. Carrots were dried out and cracking.
"I went at 7:30 am (which is early) for a salad for lunch. I'm a teacher, and barely have 20 min for lunch. Few salad items were out. Aside from the lettuce and kale, I wasn't excited about the freshness of the mushrooms (totally brown), peppers (wilted), and feta (very little in the bin). No utensils were out, except for the greens and prepared salads already. I used a plastic fork to select a few things for my salad, so I'd have something at lunch. The chickpeas were dry and discolored, so I got some black beans and quinoa, which were the only available proteins. This is the 2nd time I've gotten salad before work, with a similar experience. I love Lucky's, but I won't come back to use the salad bar before work, since it's not up. I understand it's early and that the bar is up by about 8am. I'll make a different choice before work next time, and I'll continue to use Lucky's after work."
"There was no one at the pizza section. I tried to reach 2 people behind the same counter, but no one responded (or heard maybe)"
Organic cucumbers were soft
Cashier wouldn't allow me to bag my own groceries and she did a horrible job and was rude.
no chicken left at the salad bar.
Sale items were out of stock.
when at meat/ fish counter...no one follows the unwritten policy of NEXT in line.  Others walk right up to the counter and are helped.  Please put in a numbering system for both the meat/ fish and deli please.  There are very many rude people out there and your associates cannot keep track of who shows up next.  Thank you.
The oranges were of stock!  The main reason for my stop.
crowded and aisles are not wide enough for multiple shopping carts
The lettuce I bought was 1.69 but at the register it was 2.99. It was not organic it was regular and I was charged way more than I should. I told the cashier and he said that is the price.
"Excessive wait time at checkout, and poor taste/quality and selection of fruit and high price vs other local markets with better quality fruit"
Sale prices did not ring up correctly on a couple items.
"The check out lady was not super friendly, I usually don't care but I only noticed because they're usually nice when I go. Also the lines usually take a while"
"It was a Tuesday and I checked the website for sales but you had the following weeks sale prices, so I went to store expecting different prices. This detracts from the experience!"
Multiple times I have been the only person at the deli or the meat counter and have to wait a long time before being helped while employees chatted with each other.
"Out of asparagus, but produce guy who was restocking didn't even offer to bring some out. Wrong prices at checkout for bulk candy and apples (will have to watch next time, and this happens with some regularity)."
"watched cashier send customer for a price check, when customer couldn't locate, didn't sell item.  Stated ""sometimes not everything is in the computer""."
califlower out of stock.  green beans poor
Nancy's Organic Soy Yogurt frequently out of stock
Came back on Sunday to check if the on sale strawberries had improved on quality however I was disappointed again.
"items out of stock, this store has also had constant issues with refrigeration, resulted in freezer burnt icecream and spoiled dairy over time. Your company also fired an amazing employee named Amanda Watson while she was on a brief and approved maternaty leave."
The strawberries were withered and quite a few of the packages had spoiled food in them. As well in  the organic sections there were not prices on some of the products. We had to find an associate to help with pricing.
Aisles tight. Red Mill in two different locations.
Strawberries way overripe
07241471204012
